This name proves he loves the sunlight
Green as when leaves in her hair
Both gloves keep her going, Tuesday
Her head is full of flowers
They sweep across her face, glimmering in the sun
We love you mum, we love you mum
Like a silky hair floats through the air
Like a river on a peaceful summer's day
Ivy hair there when it slides down her cheeks
As it growing towards the ground
Her eyes are as light as leaves
Her mouth is like a row of daisies
Her lips are red
And so are her cheeks
Violets waving in her hair
Like fox gloves running down from the wall
We love you mum, we love you mum
A beautiful smile, blowing a kiss
Both the cheeks glimmer in the darkness
Her eyes are like rose petals
Her smile, a row of lavender
Her dappled crown sparkles in the sunshine
Her mouth, a caterpillar of different petals
Her mouth, a row of lavender
Her dappled crown sparkles in the sunshine
We love you mum, we love you mum
A beautiful smile, blowing a kiss
Both the cheeks glimmer in the darkness
Her mouth, a row of lavender
Your smile reminds me of your red shining tulips
We love you mum, we love you mum
Your hair is like a large balloon with holes and dew drops
Her crown bears her name